Add note about deploy time to README.md (#27433)
DataDog/documentation: README.md

## Releasing

> Within 10 minutes of merging to master, it deploys automatically, a process which usually takes around 35 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging to `master` triggers an automatic deployment. This process typically begins within 10 minutes and usually takes around 35 minutes to complete, though these times may vary. 
```
